welcome to please check out channel you
might have seen lots of a special Thomas
in my channel I have a big tournaments
as you can see waiting for you
alright here comes the big Thomas really
really big as compared to these two look
at how big that this one is it's
probably six or seven times bigger than
these two very beautifully made very
strongly built and this is made by you
can see who made it here at the back
Tommy
whoa look at this how big these Thomas
is so let me show you the backside here
this is what I have it might have
something else but I don't have it so
I'm just gonna show you what I have here
today the Thomas tanking is very strong
heavy and look at the wheels a very
beautifully built with smoothly they run
and look at this you just put it and
then push it or you just put it it goes
both ways same way and this is such a
big heavily built I don't know what they
put it here you just don't have to you
don't have to push it to her you just
push it a little bit and it goes look at
this six wheels here the rod liner is
not here please to have it long time ago
here you can see the happy Thomas look
at number one written on both sides this
is what I have today is a big one look I
can barely grab it with one hand with
one hand you can curve it and this one
you can just seen a car right up you can
very grab it this is a big one worse are
you ready for some fun as you can see
this is the you know Thomas your swing
on the top this is what you have seen
yesterday I believe and but this one has
a rod liner or something they call it
here
this is what I just showed you look at
this size voice and let me put I'm not
sure if I can put another one but let me
try okay you're ready okay
they see the wooden tank yeah alright so
you can see one two three four four
Thomas how about can I put another one
look at this how it looks if you errs I
could do five look at this look at this
one two three four five comments oh look
at this this is what I wanted to share
with you guys I don't know how long it
is taste like this these are all size
was look at this